1. What do the members of your group have in common? What are the differences 
between members? What are the strengths of each member?

As far as commonalities are concerned, we are good friends and have known each
other for over a year. We took several courses together and collaborated
successfully in the past. Now in terms of differences, we have different 
preferences in terms of work hours and coding style.

Amine Sahibi: Strong Java and Design Patterns knowledge in addition to industry 
experience and high interest in Compiler design and implementation.

Dwijesh Bhageerutty: Good skills with Java and C, with experience in 
Research at McGill. 

Faiz Khan: Strong skills in Java and C. With experience in C# and GUI 
development. 


2.Which compiler compiler toolset do you think you will use? Why? 
There is no need to repeat the reasons to use C / Java discussed 
in class. Note that for the next milestone you will extend the 
Tiny language using flex+bison, SableCC 2, and if you are feeling 
adventurous SableCC 3 or whatever other alternative tool you wish 
to use for your compiler instead. This is to give you some 
experience with all toolsets and let you change your mind before 
it is too late.

We will use SableCC2 since we are using Java. SableCC3 will be used if it 
is not considerably time consuming. 

3.What problems, if any, do you anticipate in the functioning of your group?

There are few problems we can anticipate in the functioning of the group. 
During the design phase, reaching a consensus on the software architecture 
of the compiler could be a challenge due to the differences in approaching 
the problem. During the development phase, there might be  
an uneven split of the workload and difficult remote collaboration at times.

4.What are your plans for scheduling future group meetings?  

The easiest way to schedule future group meetings is to use a weekly 
doodle poll to have the latest member’s schedule. Quick updates can 
occur before or after the lectures. 

5.What are your plans for dividing the work? What are the roles 
for each member? How will you ensure that every member knows how the different 
parts of the compiler work? Describe your software development strategy.

We will use a mix of workload estimate and interest to come up with an 
even way of dividing work. Also we will keep the assignment of task 
iterative so we can update as we further progress in the project and
have a better understanding and time estimate of the tasks. 
The workload will also vary based on the availability of the 
member i.e. during illness or busy weeks other team members 
can compensate.

Roles:

Amine Sahibi: Coder/Tester/Code Review

Dwijesh Bhageerutty: Coder/Tester/Code Review

Faiz Khan: Coder/Tester/Code Review

To ensure every member knows what how the different parts of the compiler 
work, we will try to discuss together the design of every major part before 
implementing it. In addition, using Github we will do code reviews. This has 
two advantages, we ensure a common coding style and while reading the code 
we will understand how the part works.

Software Development Strategy: Agile, Weekly SCRUM. There will be weekly 
meetings about what has been accomplished and what needs to be 
accomplished. Programming methodology will be iterative. 


